feat: stabilize cardano database v2 - phase4 (#2819)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/root/manual/develop/nodes/mithril-client-library.md

### Cardano database

:::warning

> The cardano database v1 client is deprecated and will be removed in the next distribution, use the [cardano database v2 client](#cardano-database-v2) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cardano database v1 client is deprecated and is scheduled to be removed early 2026, use the [cardano database v2 client](#cardano-database-v2) instead.
```
